---
title: weekend hobbies
categories: journal
---
This thing is quickly becoming weekend hobbies. It's rather tricky to exactly regenerate what I did before, even after 1-2 days later. I want 2 websites, on the same software and server, but it fails second time. Something related to the github actions. OK, I succeeded solving the github actions problem.

On the other hand, on `https` issue, the other site succeeded at once, no problem at all. On the other hand, this site... Problem is, on those domain settings the feedback is too long, like 1--2 hours. I removed all those `TXT` and `CNAME` things seemingly related to the legacy `google domain` thing. And, it's not like there're lots of things to try. Like, remove it, then after several minutes, re-add it and then wait a couple hours (or 24 hours, or 48 hours, whatever). Hope it works. Let's wait and see a couple more hours.

So, what's the `CAA Record`? According to [What are CAA records?](https://really-simple-ssl.com/definition/what-are-caa-records/), it's a list of CA (certificate authorities) that is **permitted** to issue SSL/TLS certificates for that domain. That's counterintuitive. If you want, for example, github to issue CA through anyone (that is, delegate the power to github), just have a low barrier CAA, or none at all. Otherwise, give a certain CAA (say letsencrypt.org) and that CAA only, then the record should look like:

> 0 issue “letsencrypt.org”

See [How to add set CAA records to allow Lets Encrypt to generate certificates](https://really-simple-ssl.com/instructions/edit-dns-caa-records-to-allow-lets-encrypt-ssl-certificates/). Interesting. It's not saying that authority has issued a CA, but that authority **only** has the power to issue it, and if that has issued it or not is non of the DNS record's business.

That means, you don't generally need a CAA record. On the other hand, you should care, if you have some complex deployment all over the place, and configure carefully, especially the `CNAME` thing. 

For more information, check [Using CAA](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/caa/).
You can check if you have correctly configured it by checking it at [CAA Lookup](https://www.nslookup.io/caa-lookup/) homepage.

Yes, a couple of hours, waiting in front of a computer is a long time, especially during weekends, so I sort of looked up. See, I do care, sometimes.

**Note:** Did I break things at github? It's taking longer, just for loading the *pages* page.